I'm here on this big fancy yacht to tell
you you too can get rich this isn't
Austin impact Theory being in a bubble
there is a whole world of hyper
successful entrepreneurs for whom it's
not enough to have made a ton of cash
they really want to do something
[Music]
what is up everybody we are here at the
can Lyon festival rocking it here on the
Vayner yacht very excited to be here it
is absolutely beautiful I have never
been to the south of France before and I
have to say it is stunning amazing the
kind of place you have to come at least
once to check it out this is day one so
I cannot wait for you guys to join us on
the next three days it's going to be
amazing
welcome to can I'm the artist steps and
you you know that oh
Wow well done man I was blown away by
that that's so crazy that's really cool
very cool really massive oh wow math is
like 2.5 meters like you brought so much
thing you like with your show like it's
on the way I just started watching it
I'd like 2,000 followers
wow you're og yeah I watched every
everything when it's all about getting
out there and learning something new and
so what I love about events like this is
the density of information is incredible
and it's what makes coming all the way
to the South France worth it is you're
getting to meet people that really can
teach you something that otherwise might
have taken you a lot longer to learn
you'd have to be piecing it together
from a lot of random places you're going
right to the source so we're literally
walking away from a meeting that we just
have the Twitter just fantastic
Twitter's our slowest growing platform
so that was the one that was really a
priority to get in there and find out
like hey what are we doing wrong so
mostly on posting just text so if I do
on Instagram I've got the image and I've
got a lot of coffee
I'll pull like the juiciest line of copy
and tweet it out and when you're able to
displace your ego and really just sit at
somebody's feet and learn you'll be
amazed at what you can get so talking to
these guys understanding what their
strategy is where they're going what's
valuable to them what they look for in
partners what they think makes great
content what's popping like all of it
was just really really incredible and
been trying to have as many meetings
like that it's suddenly possible sitting
in on panels and learning what people
are looking at and data what's driving
the algorithms what's coming in the
future like all of that stuff is so
critical and that is the nitty-gritty
like my obsession is head down
do the work head down do the work stop
trying to be cool but just do the work
like get in there and really get good at
something and so that's what this trip
has really been about for me is I'm here
to learn I'm here to meet people that
can teach me something push me forward
I'm putting all of my focus on that has
really been paying dividends so yeah
take those opportunities to headphone up
and just get done I cannot tell you
strongly enough there is no substitute
for that this trip was an awesome
reminder that everybody is your superior
in some way and they all have something
to teach you and if you're willing to
sit at their feet and learn absolutely
amazing things happen so this trip has
been incredible
I've had my mind on exactly what I was
here to learn and that has really been
wildly beneficial because you go into
every meeting armed with exactly what
you're trying to give them that exchange
and that specificity is just incredibly
incredibly important and so to be here
really learning how to wildly amplify
what we're doing on the social side and
to be crossing over the 50 K mark has
just been absolutely incredible
so I'm so happy this trip was absolutely
amazing
but dear impact Theory team I cannot
wait to get back to you guys thank you
guys so much I hope you've enjoyed the
behind the scenes look here and can it's
been awesome and I'll see you back in LA
you
[Music]